Add: GUID Transformation (#18)
silverstripe/silverstripe-saml: docs/en/developer.md

    - 'http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/name': 'Email'
```

### GUID Transformation

> If you prefer received GUID in lower-case or upper-case format you can extend and overload method: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to receive the GUID in lower-case or upper-case format you can use the `updateGuid()` extension point on `\SilverStripe\SAML\Control\SAMLController`.
```
